In this lecture, we are going to implement a user repository and a user service that extends the user
details service so that the OS 2.0 authorization server can use our user data that we have created using
our User Command API during authentication.
Expand the source directory of your OS 2.0 application.
Go ahead and create a new package and call it repositories.
Now, let's create another package and call it services.
And finally, let's create a package for configuration.
Now, let's give an application of proper name.
Call it an oath to application.
OK, now create a new interface and other repositories package and call it user repository.
We specifically want to create new user repository because we do not want to depend on the code of the
user query API project.
We will, however, use the user domain model that comes from the user core package.
So let's go ahead and add the user core project as a dependency in the XML file of our oath to point
out authorization server project.
Go ahead and add the import now we are going to add a custom query by using the query annotation and
yes, will tell Mongar DB that we want a query on an embedded field.
We basically want to query and find a user by the user name.
So that is how the syntax looks to accomplish that.
So let's return a optional user
and we can call our method find by user name and let's pause in a string username
like.
Now, let's create a new class under the services package and call it user service.
The first thing that we are going to do is to add the service station.
You can give it a specific name, like use a service if you like, and then we will add user repository
as a private field that we will inject to our user service using dependency injection.
Let's create a new constructor.
And then we can do the assignment
again, auto wired will ensure that their dependency gets injected.
Importantly, let's implement the user detail service.
It is basically used to retrieve user related data and it is used by the authentication provider to
load user details that are required during authentication.
So we are going to override the user by user name method.
To ensure that we can actually use the user data that we have created in our user collection in Mongo
DB.
So let's call our user repository find by user name method and pass in the user name.
Then let's check if we actually have a user, if we don't, we will assume that either the user name
or the password was incorrect.
So let's throw a new user not found exception.
Let's give a message such as incorrect username and password supplied.
Now, we are basically going to get the account details from our user object user DOT.
To count.
And then we will turn the user details.
We can get it from OK, that spring framework, dot security, dot com, dot user details, dot user.
Let's set our user name.
It's basically a boulder.
Now, let's set the password that we get from our account object
also said the authorities.
We get it from the roles that is based in the grant to the authorities that set the expired will just
hardcoded for now and set it to false.
But you can get the details from the database if it was supplied, locked, also false credentials expired,
false
and disabled is false.
And then we can call boat to return the constructed user details object.
OK, and that concludes the implementation of our user service.